Adding a user-friendly `qml.transform.decompose` function (#6334)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/introduction/compiling_circuits.rst

Reviewer: @andrijapau I can't comment on it, but recommend adding the `decompose` function to the list of circuit optimizations on lines 115-123

    dev = qml.device("default.qubit")
    allowed_gates = {qml.Toffoli, qml.RX, qml.RZ}

    @partial(decompose, gate_set=allowed_gates)
    @qml.qnode(dev)
    def circuit():
        qml.Hadamard(wires=[0])
        qml.Toffoli(wires=[0,1,2])
        return qml.expval(qml.Z(0))
    
With the Hadamard gate not in our gate set, it will be decomposed into the respective rotation gate operators.

>>> print(qml.draw(circuit)())
0: ──RZ(1.57)──RX(1.57)──RZ(1.57)─╭●─┤  <Z>
1: ───────────────────────────────├●─┤     
2: ───────────────────────────────╰X─┤ 

Using Gate Rules
****************

The example below demonstrates how a three-wire circuit can be decomposed using a rule that decomposes down to single or two-qubit gates: 

.. code-block:: python

    @partial(decompose, gate_set=lambda op: len(op.wires)<=2) 
    @qml.qnode(dev)

    def circuit():
        qml.Toffoli(wires=[0,1,2])
        return qml.expval(qml.Z(0)) 

>>> print(qml.draw(circuit)())
0: ───────────╭●───────────╭●────╭●──T──╭●─┤  <Z>
1: ────╭●─────│─────╭●─────│───T─╰X──T†─╰X─┤     
2: ──H─╰X──T†─╰X──T─╰X──T†─╰X──T──H────────┤ 

Decomposition in Stages
***********************

> You can use the 'max_expansion' kwarg to have control over the number 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the ``max_expansion`` kwarg to have control over the number 
```
Tend to do the back-ticks code formatting for something that will exist in the code.

.. code-block:: python
    
    from pennylane.transforms import decompose
    dev = qml.device("default.qubit")

    @partial(decompose, gate_set={qml.Toffoli, "RX", "RZ"})
    @qml.qnode(dev)

    def circuit():
        qml.Hadamard(wires=[0])
        qml.Toffoli(wires=[0,1,2])
        return qml.expval(qml.Z(0))
    
With the Hadamard gate not in our gate set, it will be decomposed into the available rotation gate operators.

>>> print(qml.draw(circuit)())
0: ──RZ(1.57)──RX(1.57)──RZ(1.57)─╭●─┤  <Z>
1: ───────────────────────────────├●─┤     
2: ───────────────────────────────╰X─┤ 

The example below demonstrates how a three-wire circuit can be decomposed into a set of single or two-qubit gates: 

.. code-block:: python

    @partial(decompose, gate_set=lambda op: len(op.wires) <= 2) 
    @qml.qnode(dev)

    def circuit():
        qml.Toffoli(wires=[0,1,2])
        return qml.expval(qml.Z(0)) 

>>> print(qml.draw(circuit)())
0: ───────────╭●───────────╭●────╭●──T──╭●─┤  <Z>
1: ────╭●─────│─────╭●─────│───T─╰X──T†─╰X─┤     
2: ──H─╰X──T†─╰X──T─╰X──T†─╰X──T──H────────┤ 

> 

Reviewer: Agree! I would be in favour of two separate headings here just for simplicty

> 

Reviewer 3: I do like the new sub-headings, they break it down into very digestible chunks - but what I meant here was separating the larger heading "Custom decompositions" into two large headings, because the existing part is about the `custom_decomps` kwarg on devices that lets you create custom decomposition rules for specific operators (i.e. "I want a non-standard decomposition for CNOT"), whereas the new stuff is about applying a decompose transform to the tape using the standard decompositions. They are both about decomposition, but they are very separate functionality, and it's confusing that they kind of flow together without a header separating them.

It's possible the "Custom decompositions" heading is a big ambiguous, since it could apply to either section, so maybe we need two more specific headings.

> 

Author: I've updated it so that there are now two headings related to decomposition, one of them is for custom operators and the other is for circuits. @josh146 - would love your input! 😄

> 

Reviewer: Looks great!
